# Contributing to TSEconomy

Welcome, and thank you for considering contributing to TSEconomy! We value your time and effort in helping to improve this Terraria server-side plugin. This document outlines the process and guidelines for contributing.

## How to Contribute

### Reporting Bugs

If you find a bug in the plugin, you can help us by submitting an issue to our GitHub repository. Please follow these steps:

1. **Use the GitHub issue search** — check if the issue has already been reported.
2. **Check if the issue has been fixed** — try to reproduce it using the latest `main` branch.
3. **Isolate the problem** — create a minimal, complete, and verifiable example.
4. **Submit an issue** — Mark the issue as a `bug`, and provide a step-by-step instruction set on how to reproduce the bug. If any errors occur, include those too.

### Suggesting Enhancements

We welcome suggestions for enhancements! Open an issue on GitHub and include:

- **Use cases for the enhancement** - how it will benefit TSEconomy users.
- **Possible drawbacks** - potential challenges or complications.

Please mark the issue as an `enhancement`

### Pull Requests

PRs are the best way to propose changes. Here's a quick guide:

1. **Fork the repo** and create your branch from `main`.
2. **Write clear, concise code** and adhere to existing coding standards.
3. **Include tests** that demonstrate your bug fix or feature.
4. **Write a convincing description of your PR** and why we should merge it.
5. **We'll check it out when we get the time!**

## Code of Conduct

Participation in the TSEconomy community is governed by our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please read and abide by it.

## Our Development Process

Our `main` branch is always stable. We use GitHub to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## Styleguides

### C# Coding Standards

- Follow the [Microsoft C# Coding Conventions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/inside-a-program/coding-conventions).
- Use meaningful names for variables and methods.
- Comment your code where necessary.

Thank you for reading this guide and for contributing to TSEconomy!
